hey guys what's up this video is an
apology going out to freelee the banana
girl and I am making this video because
I was asked to make it I was asked to
make it by a charming fellow named
durianrider this video is not a joke I
am gonna have to say a few words to
explain the context and why I'm making
the video but this does contain a
sincere apology for freely and you know
there's no twist at the end of the video
I don't say I'm trolling you at the end
I don't turn it around and say well I
apologise but you're a terrible person I
always hate it when people do that in
real life
I remember what airline stewardess doing
that once an airline stewardess
screaming at my wife who's now my
ex-wife my stewardess like well I'm
sorry but everyone hates that so no this
is a real apology video and I'm making
it just because another human being
asked me to there are a lot of sad
ironies in this debate going on between
myself and durianrider but that's one of
them I mean these guys don't know me and
if they had reached out and talked to me
like a human being at any point I want
to talk to them a human being and you
know it doesn't make me feel weak in any
way to apologize to somebody um maybe
just to make them feel better if they're
upset you know to me that's a good
enough reason to apologize and you know
some of you of course will laugh at the
irony of this durianrider has hurt
people's feelings in the past sometimes
he apologizes sometimes he doesn't to
give him credit
I actually I can remember him
apologizing um freely also hurts
people's feelings I don't know I can't
remember seeing an apology video from
her but I'll assume the same sometimes
she apologizes as soon as she doesn't um
but you know that is part of the rough
and tumble of the internet and I am
willing to make an apology when asked
you know making apology videos may be a
slang we don't do often enough now for
the context of this video durianrider
has defamed me threatened me and invited
others to assault me originally he was
saying he
wanted other people to beat me up so
they could abduct me and take me to the
police station when I respond to that by
offering to meet him at the police
station I said look if you've actually
our criminal charges of me let's go to
the police station and let's see the
evidence and let's go to court fine
arrest me I'm not I'm not avoiding
arrest and of course he suddenly lost
interest in going to police what have
you and you know he dropped the pretense
of wanting to beat me up in order to
take me to the police to face justice or
to be arrested and he then instead
switch to just saying he wants to beat
me up
zeg beat me up I'm gonna make a video
tonight showing you that correspondent
so you can read for yourself it's not my
opinion you can read exactly what during
writer said and exactly what I said and
reply and all of that was actually
public it wasn't it's not private email
prep course Mull black messages on
Facebook and he refused to speak to me
any other way you refused to meet me
face to face and he refused to talk to
me by Skype or what have you so he chose
to just have that conversation with
Facebook messages so normally when you
make an apology if you want to reassure
people that it's real you just have to
say look I'm not joking about being
insincere in this case I also have to
say I'm not making this because I've
been threatened or because I feel scared
and that's because durianrider has been
threatening me with violence legally
speaking he's now guilty of defamation
uttering threats ie editing threats of
violence and inciting violence and all
of those are real crimes and the
defamation he's defamed me by he said I
was a sexual predator I think in at
least some of the screenshots he accuses
me of being a pedophile
you know the accusations are outrageous
and needless to I'm you know but in the
midst of all that what the one thing he
said that is not a lie and that is not
is that he said he wanted me to
apologize the freely and I'm gonna do
that I'm gonna do that right now in this
video as I say it's sincere here it is
freely I'm sorry that I hurt your
feelings you know I understand a lot of
people make attack videos denouncing me
also people make videos defaming me and
insulting me
and trying to hurt my feelings so I
don't I don't know durianrider asked me
to apologize not you but I assume he
asked me because he felt that you were
upset or you felt insulted or denigrated
or you had your feelings hurt I'm sorry
I'm sorry that I hurt your feelings I
want to say a few words but what I
appreciate about you and what this
apology means I appreciate that you
invented something genuinely new on the
Internet
I think you didn't just change the rules
to the game I think you invented a whole
new game and the reward for that for
that new invention has been Fame and
wealth and influence and I'm happy for
you
I'm not jealous at all you guys like to
talk a lot about gratitude having an
attitude of gratitude for me it's not
gratitude it's just being happy for
others I'm happy for you that you're
successful to me there's no conflict to
there there's no resentment what have
you and I believe genuinely that you
have done the best you could I think
you're a hardworking person who does the
best that you can I think when you talk
about politics you offer the best
political perspective you can I think
when you talk about your personal life
you know like your past being a waitress
like jobs you had you didn't like them
we talked about your personal I think
you do the best you can I think when you
make a recipe book or a diet book or
when you give exercise advice I think in
all those things you work hard and you
do the best you can and I respect that
I appreciate that about you but I hope
you also can appreciate that even when
you are doing the best you can it's not
going to be good enough for some people
it is good enough for some I don't know
thousands of people love your work and
it's good enough for them and that's
great I'm happy for you but there are
some people who are gonna say this is
not good enough and for whom it's really
important that they come on the internet
and discuss exactly why I can remember
writing an article about the war between
Cambodia and Thailand a war that was
happening at that time a border dispute
a border conflict
in those two countries and the article I
wrote some people were so passionate
about it
that you know they typed it out again
and uploaded to the Internet it was
published in a newspaper and there were
these passionate responses there people
who really appreciated it so much you
know was first written English and
translating company there was a lot of
positive response but when you write
about an article when you write about
something political something important
like that you're not gonna please
everybody some people are gonna hate the
article or gonna hate you some some
conflict is gonna come out of it
some dispute some discussion and
sometimes that's the most important part
of it so freely you know I do apologize
I'm sorry that your feelings are hurt
and I appreciate that durianrider even
though he's made all these crazy threats
against me even though he stated all
these lies
I appreciate that on some level he is
just a man who wants to revenge because
he feels his girlfriend was insulted or
upset and on that level I can sympathize
with him I hope you sympathize of the
fact that what I'm doing here on YouTube
is really motivated by a desire to see
veganism succeed now as a social
movement whatever you want to say as a
philosophy I'm working hard and
contributing in the way I can to the
positive future in terms of the ecology
ethics activism political organization
of veganism and you know when you look
at my videos I think if you I've got
over 200 videos on this channel I think
if you wash them I don't think you would
hate them all I think there's a lot of
real talk on this channel about you know
the emotional and personal side of being
vegan of trying to organize activist
groups you know if you can look past how
angry you may feel with me if you can
accept this apology I think actually
there's plenty of material here that you
would find value in and you would
recognize that contrary to durian
writers accusations I'm not on steroids
I'm not a shill I'm not running a scam
I'm just another person who is sincerely
trying to promote veganism from his own
perspective and in a way that reflects
his own
set you have a skillset related to
fitness and diet etc well I come out of
a political science background in Asian
Studies background I have something to
contribute to the present future of
veganism and it's very different from
what you have to contribute and if you
hate my contribution that's fine if you
disagree with me that's fine
sending a gang of people to beat me up
is not fine
when your boyfriend insulted me I wrote
back to him respectfully saying if you
want to talk I'm here to talk if you
really want to fistfight
we can meet in a boxing ring we can do
that if it's got to be violence I'm down
for that violence to man okay I was not
a coward I did not evade any of this all
right and I haven't been cowardly in my
criticism that I've offered others and I
haven't been cowardly and receiving
criticism either okay you don't have to
respect that I'm not asking you to
respect me I'm giving you this apology
just because another human being asked
me to and because it doesn't cause me a
thing
I don't feel small or weak or bad and
apologizing to another human being just
to make them feel good but you and I
both know that right now what
durianrider is doing is bad
morally ethically legally it's bad for
you it's bad for me it's bad for the
future of the vegan movement and you
know it's even just bad for the people
who paid thousands of dollars to come on
vacation right now in Thailand I've met
a lot of people here who believed in you
guys and who lost faith it's had a huge
emotional impact on them and one of the
many ironies this situation is I'm not
emotionally impacted by it at all I'm
not upset I'm not hurt I really came to
Chiang Mai just to meet with a couple of
people who are already fans of my
channel I've never showed up at any of
your events never caused any problems
for you I've never started any kind of a
problem
okay you want to talk about saving the
planet this ain't the way to do it